README.md, before:

# dotfiles
Configurations for various Linux and Windows things

###### conky
> Place file 'conky.conf' in /etc/conky/ or edit exisitng /home/$USER/.conkyrc with content

###### hunter
> Place file 'hunter' in /usr/sbin/ and chmod +x

> Simple search GUI for linux find using zenity

###### hyper
> Place file '.hyper.js' in /home/$USER/

###### ncmpcpp
> Place file 'config' in /home/$USER/.ncmpcpp/

###### mopidy
> Place file 'mopidy.conf' in /home/$USER/.config/mopidy/

> Install mopidy-gmusic to use with Google Play Music

###### rofi
> Place file 'config' in /home/$USER/.config/rofi/

###### scrot-gui
> Place file 'scrot-gui' in /usr/sbin/ and chmod +x. Bind to PrintScreen button.

> Simple screenshot GUI for linux scrot command using zenity

###### terminal-colors
> Hexadecimal color codes for any terminal that doesn't support external schemes (tilda)

###### xrandr
> Files are shell scripts to set predefined monitor configurations using xrandr

###### zsh
> Contains rc file for Z shell - uses oh-my-zsh for themes

Commit message:

update dotfiles and add polybar

README.md, after:

# dotfiles
Configurations for various Linux and Windows things

###### conky
> Place file 'conky.conf' in /etc/conky/ or edit exisitng /home/$USER/.conkyrc with content

###### hunter
> Place file 'hunter' in /usr/sbin/ and chmod +x

> Simple search GUI for linux find using zenity

###### hyper
> Place file '.hyper.js' in /home/$USER/

###### ncmpcpp
> Place file 'config' in /home/$USER/.ncmpcpp/

###### mopidy
> Place file 'mopidy.conf' in /home/$USER/.config/mopidy/

> Install mopidy-gmusic to use with Google Play Music

###### polybar
> Place files 'config' and 'launch.sh' in /home/$USER/.config/polybar/

###### rofi
> Place file 'config' in /home/$USER/.config/rofi/

###### screenlayout
> Files are shell scripts to set predefined monitor configurations using xrandr

###### scrot-gui
> Place file 'scrot-gui' in /usr/sbin/ and chmod +x. Bind to PrintScreen button.

> Simple screenshot GUI for linux scrot command using zenity

###### terminal-colors
> Hexadecimal color codes for any terminal that doesn't support external schemes (tilda)

###### zsh
> Contains rc file for Z shell - uses oh-my-zsh for themes
